Digital Twin Manager 1025.8.3 Changelogs for Microservice 1025.7.3 (#4952)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1025-8-3-support-text-plain-content-type-and-deprecate-application-json-for-updating-linked-series-label-and-measurement-type.md

---
date: ""

> title: "support 'text/plain' content type and deprecate 'application/json' for updating LinkedSeries label and measurement type"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Support text/plain content type and deprecate application/json for updating LinkedSeries label and measurement type"
```
